<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/54a2e93b22d236498400134b/train/python target="_blank">Multi-tap Keypad Text Entry on an Old Mobile Phone</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>Prior to having fancy iPhones, teenagers would wear out their thumbs sending SMSmessages on candybar-shaped feature phones with 3x4 numeric keypads.</p><pre><code>------- ------- -------|     | | ABC | | DEF ||  1  | |  2  | |  3  |------- ------- -------------- ------- -------| GHI | | JKL | | MNO ||  4  | |  5  | |  6  |------- ------- -------------- ------- -------|PQRS | | TUV | | WXYZ||  7  | |  8  | |  9  |------- ------- -------------- ------- -------|  *  | |space| |  #  ||     | |  0  | |     |------- ------- -------</code></pre><p>Prior to the development of T9 systems (predictive text entry), the method to type words was called "multi-tap" and involved pressing a button repeatedly to cycle through all its possible values, in order. For example:</p><ul><li>Pressing the button <code>7</code> repeatedly will cycle through the letters <code>P -&gt; Q -&gt; R -&gt; S -&gt; 7 -&gt; P -&gt; ...</code>.</li><li>Pressing the button <code>0</code> is cycling through <code>SPACE -&gt; 0 -&gt; SPACE -&gt; 0 -&gt; ...</code>.</li><li>Buttons with a single symbol on it just type this symbol.</li></ul><p>A character is "locked in" and inserted into the message once the user presses a different key or pauses for a short period of time (thus, no extra button presses are required beyond what is needed for each letter individually). For example:</p><ul><li>To type a letter <code>"R"</code> you would press the <code>7</code> key three times (as the screen display for the current character cycles through <code>P-&gt;Q-&gt;R-&gt;S-&gt;7</code>).</li><li>To type in a digit <code>3</code>, you would press the button <code>3</code> four times.</li><li>To type in the message <code>"ABC"</code>, you would press the button <code>2</code> once, wait a second, then press the button <code>2</code> twice to enter the letter <code>B</code>, then pause for another second, and press the button <code>2</code> three times, to enter the letter <code>C</code>. You would have to press the button <code>2</code> six times in total.</li></ul><p>In order to send the message <code>"WHERE DO U WANT 2 MEET L8R"</code> a teen would have to actually do 47 button presses.  No wonder they abbreviated...</p><p>For this assignment, write code that can calculate the amount of button presses required for any phrase, with the following requirements:</p><ul><li>Punctuation can be ignored for this exercise.</li><li>Likewise, the phone doesn't distinguish between upper and lowercase characters (but you should allow your module to accept input in either form, for convenience).</li><li>Tested phrases contain letters (<code>A-Z</code> and <code>a-z</code>), digits (<code>0-9</code>), and special characters <code>#</code> and <code>*</code>.</li></ul>