<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/581e1d083a4820eb4f00004f/train/python target="_blank">MOD 256 without the MOD operator</a></h2><h3>7 kyu</h3><h1 id="mod-256-without-the-mod-operator">MOD 256 without the MOD operator</h1><p>The MOD-operator % (aka mod/modulus/remainder):</p><pre><code>Returns the remainder of a division operation.The sign of the result is the same as the sign of the first operand.(Different behavior in Python!)</code></pre><p>The short unbelievable mad story for this kata:<br>I wrote a program and needed the remainder of the division by 256. And then it happened: The "5"/"%"-Key did not react. It must be broken! So I needed a way to:</p><pre><code>Calculate the remainder of the division by 256 without the %-operator.</code></pre><p>Also here some examples:</p><pre><code>Input 254  -&gt; Result 254Input 256  -&gt; Result 0Input 258  -&gt; Result 2 Input -258 -&gt; Result -2 (in Python: Result: 254!)</code></pre><p>It is always expected the behavior of the MOD-Operator of the language!</p><p>The input number will always between -10000 and 10000.</p><p>For some languages the %-operator will be blocked. If it is not blocked and you know how to block it, tell me and I will include it.</p><p>For all, who say, this would be a duplicate: No, this is no duplicate! There are two katas, in that you have to write a general method for MOD without %. But this kata is only for MOD 256. And so you can create also other specialized solutions. ;-)</p><p>Of course you can use the digit "5" in your solution. :-)</p><p>I'm very curious for your solutions and the way you solve it. I found several interesting "funny" ways.</p><p>Have fun coding it and please don't forget to vote and rank this kata! :-) </p><p>I have also created other katas. Take a look if you enjoyed this kata!</p>